 
 NOTE:

 Different parts of the project are licensed under different terms.
 Here are the details.

 1] The "Coloring Book for Android" source code is copyrighted by me and
    licensed under the GPL v2.0.
    
    MusicManager.java is copyrighted by Robert Green (www.rbgrn.net),

 2] The "Coloring Book for Android" logo is copyrighted by me. All
    rights reserved.

    Forks may contain the logo, but the logo may not be used outside of
    the scope of forks (barring fair use).

    The song "Deliberate Thought" is copyrighted by Kevin MacLeod
    (incompetech.com) and licensed under the Creative Commons: By
    Attribution 3.0 license.
    http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/

 3] All images and media (binary files that are not software
    dependencies) not described in section 2 are licensed under the
    Creative Commons: BY-SA Attribution 3.0 license.

    http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/

 4] If you are not using the content described in section 3, you may
    ignore this section.

    Attribution specifications for the content described in section 3.

    The following specifications are automatically satisfied in
    repository forks which contain the supplied CREDITS file. Should you
    choose to not use the supplied CREDITS file or should your usage of
    the content fall outside the scope of forks (e.g., using an image on
    a website), then you must follow all specifications listed below.

    Attribution specifications:
 
     a] You must visually indicate that the content was created by
        "Byron Sanchez". A text credit is sufficient. If you make
        modifications to the work, then you must state that the original
        work was created by "Byron Sanchez".

     b] Link the text "Byron Sanchez" directly to the website:
     
        http://hackbytes.com

        A special exception to this applies to any form of distribution
        or publication in which a link is not technologically possible
        (e.g. a fork). If links are not technologically possible, simply
        place the url next to my name. Websites must actually use a
        standard HTML link.

     c] The attribution must be visible. In the case of websites, it
        must be visible even with JavaScript disabled. You may not use
        any form of redirection or obfuscation. Links must NOT be
        nofollowed.

    SAMPLE: Image by Byron Sanchez
 
    In the previous sample, the text "Byron Sanchez" would link to
    http://hackbytes.com

 You have my permission to make use of the source code (Coloring Book
 for Android) under the terms of the GPL v2.0 as well as any special
 exceptions I have made below.

      Byron Sanchez

----------------------------------------

"Coloring Book for Android" source code is Copyright (c) 2013 by Byron
Sanchez (hackbytes.com), licensed under the GNU GPL v2.0.

MusicManager.java is Copyright (c) 2009 by Robert Green (www.rbgrn.net).

Chompix logo is Copyright (c) 2013 by Byron Sanchez (hackbytes.com).
All rights reserved.

"Coloring Book for Android" logo is Copyright (c) 2013 by Byron Sanchez
(hackbytes.com). All rights reserved.

"Deliberate Thought" is Copyright (c) 2007 by Kevin MacLeod
(incompetech.com), licensed under Creative Commons: By Attribution 3.0.
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/

"Coloring Book for Android" images and any media (defined as binary
files that are not software dependencies) are Copyright (c) 2013 Byron
Sanchez (hackbytes.com), licensed under Creative Commons: BY-SA
Attribution 3.0 unless otherwise noted.
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the
Free Software Foundation, version 2 of the License.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along 
with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Linking "Coloring Book for Android" statically or dynamically with other
modules is making a combined work based on "Coloring Book for Android".
Thus, the terms and conditions of the GNU General Public License cover
the whole combination.

In addition, as a special exception, the copyright holders of "Coloring
Book for Android" give you permission to combine "Coloring Book for
Android" with free software programs or libraries that are released
under the GNU LGPL and with code included in the standard release of the
following programs under the corresponding licenses (or modified
versions of such code, with unchanged license):

  Android Support v4 under the Apache 2.0 License
  InAppBillingService under the Apache 2.0 License
  Portions of ColorGFX.java under the Apache 2.0 License

You may copy and distribute such a system following the terms of the GNU
GPL for "Coloring Book for Android" and the licenses of the other code
concerned.

Note that people who make modified versions of "Coloring Book for
Android" are not obligated to grant this special exception for their
modified versions; it is their choice whether to do so. The GNU General
Public License gives permission to release a modified version without
this exception; this exception also makes it possible to release a
modified version which carries forward this exception.

"Coloring Book for Android" includes works under other copyright notices
and distributed according to the terms of the GNU General Public License
(unless given a special exception) or a compatible license, including:

Java

  Android Support v4 - Copyright (c) 2012 The Android Open Source Project

  InAppBillingService - Copyright (c) 2012 The Android Open Source Project

  MusicManager.java - Copyright (c) 2009 Robert Green (www.rbgrn.net)

  Portions of ColorGFX.java - Copyright (c) 2007 The Android Open Source Project
